Haha, the second master is reasonable, reasonable, reasonable
I invite Song to dinner
He didn't come with you
Go fill me up
Second Master Zongzi and I are brothers
Da Shuai gave Song Zi one day
He couldn't get around and asked me to come to the dinner in his place
It's all the same.
Don't you worry.
I share the blessing with the zongzi
The hospitality is different for everyone, is it full?
Grab your drink and roll
What's that?
What is this?
What are you pretending to be?
Why are you back so early?
Did Master Han not treat you well?
The one surnamed Han said the same as you.
See you are not stubborn
Just blast me out
If it's a god, you'll give it away.
It looks like this winter
Sure enough, there are no good intentions.
Although you are frivolous
Kind of.
coarse and fine
Sister-in-law complimented
I won't do anything I'm not sure about
Yes, yes, my sister-in-law knows that you are the smartest.
But there are still clues in this case
I already have a clue
20 jerks
What's your trouble?
Oops this wine